SC Monitoring v7 migration and asbs (#4053)
Particular/docs.particular.net: servicecontrol/monitoring-instances/installation/index.md

## Prerequisites

The ServiceControl Installation has the following prerequisites:

* [Microsoft .NET 4.6.1 Runtime](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=49982)

If ServiceControl is installed via the Platform Installer, then the installer will manage installation and configuration of the prerequisites.

NOTE: Each environment should contain a single [ServiceControl instance](/servicecontrol/servicecontrol-instances/) and a single [Monitoring instance](/servicecontrol/monitoring-instances/). In high-throughput scenarios it is recommended that these instances each run on a separate dedicated machine.

## Transport Support

Monitoring instances can be configured to use one of the supported [transports](/transports/) listed below using the ServiceControl Management application:

> * [Microsoft Message Queuing (MSMQ)](/transports/msmq/)

Reviewer: Same comment about ordering of this list as above.

* [Azure Service Bus](/transports/azure-service-bus-netstandard)

> * [Azure Service Bus - Endpoint-oriented topology](/transports/azure-service-bus)

Reviewer: Same comment about where these links should point to.

* [Azure Service Bus - Forwarding topology](/transports/azure-service-bus)
* [Azure Storage Queues](/transports/azure-storage-queues/)
* [SQL Server](/transports/sql/)
* [Amazon Simple Queue Service (SQS)](/transports/sqs/)

> * [RabbitMQ](/transports/rabbitmq/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [RabbitMQ - Conventional routing topology](/transports/rabbitmq/routing-topology.md#conventional-routing-topology)
```

> * [RabbitMQ - Direct routing topology](/transports/rabbitmq/routing-topology.md#direct-routing-topology)>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [RabbitMQ - Direct routing topology](/transports/rabbitmq/routing-topology.md#direct-routing-topology)
```

The ServiceControl installation file consists of an embedded MSI bootstrapper EXE and an embedded MSI. This installation can be executed standalone or via the [Platform Installer](/platform/installer/). The installation package include a utility to manage the installation, upgrade and remove of ServiceControl services, including Monitoring instances. This utility is launched as the final step in the installation process and is also available via the Windows Start Menu.

> 

Reviewer: Why was this removed? We typically want to have two spaces between sections.

Reviewer 2: I use markdown lint and it has 1 as the default. Why would we want 2?

Reviewer: Because the docs guidelines say we should have two spaces before a header: https://github.com/Particular/docs.particular.net#spaces

Reviewer 2: Ah, didn't know that!  Still curious why we need the extra one :)

Reviewer 2: All spacing fixed now

## Prerequisites

The ServiceControl Installation has the following prerequisites:

> * [Microsoft .NET 4.5.2 Runtime](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=42643) for Version 1 and 2

Reviewer 3: Question - with SC, aren't we supporting the latest version only? I.e. why would someone go and install v1 or v2 when v3 is out?

Reviewer 2: @tmasternak given that there is no data backwards compatibility concerns perhaps we can stick with only documenting the current state of affairs? (I know it's different for SC)

* [Microsoft .NET 4.6.1 Runtime](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=49982) for Version 3 and higher

> If ServiceControl is installed via the Platform Installer then the installation and configuration of these prerequisites are managed by the installer.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If ServiceControl is installed via the Platform Installer then prerequisites installation and configuration is managed by the installer itself.
```

> If ServiceControl is installed via the Platform Installer then prerequisites installation and configuration is managed by the installer itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If ServiceControl is installed via the Platform Installer, then the installer will manage installation and configuration of the prerequisites.
```

This changed should also be applied to the servicecontrol/installation.md page.

> NOTE: Each environment should contain a single [ServiceControl instance](/servicecontrol/servicecontrol-instances/) and a single [Monitoring instance](/servicecontrol/monitoring-instances/). In high-throughput scenarios it is recommended that these instances each run on a separate dedicated machine.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
NOTE: Each environment should contain a single [ServiceControl instance](/servicecontrol/servicecontrol-instances/) and a single [Monitoring instance](/servicecontrol/monitoring-instances/). In high-throughput scenarios it is recommended that these instances each run on a separate dedicated machine.
```

## Transport Support

Monitoring instances can be configured to use one of the supported [transports](/transports/) listed below using the ServiceControl Management application:

* [Microsoft Message Queuing (MSMQ)](/transports/msmq/)
* [Azure Service Bus](/transports/azure-service-bus-netstandard)
* [Azure Storage Queues](/transports/azure-storage-queues/)
* [SQL Server](/transports/sql/)
* [RabbitMQ](/transports/rabbitmq/)

> * [AmazonSQS](/transports/sqs/)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* [Amazon Simple Queue Service (SQS)](/transports/sqs/)
```

> ### Legacy options

Reviewer: Same intro needed here

> * [Azure Service Bus - Endpoint-oriented topology](/transports/azure-service-bus) - Please refer to the [Azure Service Bus backwards compatibility documentation](/transports/azure-service-bus-netstandard/compatibility.md) for migration instructions.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* [Azure Service Bus - Endpoint-Oriented topology](/transports/azure-service-bus) - Please refer to the [Azure Service Bus backwards compatibility documentation](/transports/azure-service-bus-netstandard/compatibility.md) for migration instructions.
```

Reviewer 3: Same comment as above in the other document about confusion for EO topology migration.

* [Azure Service Bus - Forwarding topology](/transports/azure-service-bus) - Refer to the [Azure Service Bus backwards compatibility documentation](/transports/azure-service-bus-netstandard/compatibility.md) for migration instructions.
* [RabbitMQ - Direct routing topology](/transports/rabbitmq/routing-topology.md#direct-routing-topology)

> ### Transport specific features

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Transport-specific features
```

> Certain features of the transports are not supported natively by ServiceControl and will require a [transport adapter](/servicecontrol/transport-adapter). Contact support@particular.net for further guidance.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Certain transports features are not supported natively by ServiceControl and will require a [transport adapter](/servicecontrol/transport-adapter). Contact support@particular.net for further guidance.
```

> Certain features of the transports are not supported natively by ServiceControl and will require a [transport adapter](/servicecontrol/transport-adapter).

Reviewer 3: Same concern I have above

> Adding third party transports via the Management Utility is not supported at this stage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding third-party transports via the Management Utility is not supported.
```

Reviewer: This still needs to be fixed.

### MSMQ Specifics

> If MSMQ is the selected transport then ensure the service has been installed and configured as outlined in [Installing The Platform Components Manually](/platform/installer/offline.md#platform-installer-components-nservicebus-prerequisites).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If MSMQ is the selected transport, then ensure the service has been installed and configured as outlined in [Installing The Platform Components Manually](/platform/installer/offline.md#platform-installer-components-nservicebus-prerequisites).
```

Reviewer: This still needs to be fixed.

 * [Microsoft Message Queuing (MSMQ)](/transports/msmq/)
 * [Azure Storage Queues](/transports/azure-storage-queues/)
 * [Azure Service Bus](/transports/azure-service-bus/)

>  * [Azure Service Bus .NET Standard](/transports/azure-service-bus-netstandard)

Reviewer 2: Should we align the names here as well? (Ie to put legacy in the old one)

> Clicking the upgrade link will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Clicking the upgrade link will:
```

> * Prompt for any additional information that is required to run properly on the transport of choice; such as for example values for new mandatory settings introduced in the newer version.

Reviewer: This is really wordy and awkward, better as:

```suggestion
* Prompt for any new information that is required to run properly on the transport of choice.
```

* Stop the Monitoring instance Windows Service.
* Remove the old binaries.
* Run the new binaries to upgrade the Monitoring instance by applying new settings and/or creating any required additional queues.
* Start the Monitoring instance Windows Service.

## Using ServiceControl Management to add Monitoring instances

Click on the `+ NEW` link at the top of the screen and select "Monitoring instance" to launch the "New instance form". Complete the form to register a new Monitoring instance service.

> 

Reviewer: Why was this removed? We typically want to have two spaces between sections.

Clicking the upgrade link will

> * Prompt for any additional information that is required such as values for new mandatory settings introduced in the newer version.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* Prompt for any additional information that is required to run properly on the transport of choice; such as for example values for new mandatory settings introduced in the newer version.
```

> * Stop the Service.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* Stop the Monitoring instance Windows Service.
```

* Remove the old binaries.

> * Run the new binaries to create any required queues.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* Run the new binaries to upgrade te Monitoring instance by applying new settings and/or creating any required additional queue.
```

> * Start the Service.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* Start the Monitoring instance Windows Service.
```

## Using ServiceControl Management to add Monitoring instances

Click on the `+ NEW` link at the top of the screen and select "Monitoring instance" to launch the "New instance form". Complete the form to register a new Monitoring instance service.

## Service Name and Plugins

When adding the first Monitoring instance service the default service name is `Particular.Monitoring`. It is possible to change this name to a custom service name. In doing so this is also changing the queue name associated with this Monitoring instance.

> The metrics endpoint plugin will need the Monitoring instance name in order to send metric data to the Monitoring instance.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The [Metrics plugin](/monitoring/metrics/install-plugin.md), deployed at each endpoint, needs the Monitoring instance name to send metrics data to the Monitoring instance.
```
